["Second Hand News"
by Fleetwood Mac]
♪ I know
there's nothin' to say ♪
♪ Someone has taken my place ♪
♪ When times go bad ♪
♪ When times go rough ♪
♪ Won't you lay me down
in tall grass ♪
♪ And let me do my stuff ♪
♪ I know I got nothin' on you ♪
♪ I know there's nothin' to do ♪
♪ When times go bad ♪
♪ And you can't get enough ♪
♪ Won't you lay me down
in the tall grass ♪
♪ And let me do my stuff ♪
♪ Do it ♪
♪ Bow. bow. bow. bow. ba-bow.
bow. bow. bow. bow. ba-bow ♪
♪ Bow. bow. bow. bow.
bow. bow. bow. bow ♪
♪ Doot. do-do-doot do.
bow. bow. bow. bow. ba-bow ♪
♪ Bow. bow. bow. bow. ba-bow ♪
♪ Bow. bow. bow. bow.
bow. bow. bow. bow ♪
♪ One thing I think
you should know ♪
♪ I ain’t gonna miss you
when you go ♪
♪ Been down so long ♪
♪ I've been
tossed around enough ♪
♪ Oh. couldn't you
just let me go down ♪
♪ And do my stuff? ♪
♪ I know
you're hoping to find-- ♪
-Coldest day of the year.
[Tom sighs]
-Worst city in the world.
♪ When times go bad.
when times go rough ♪
♪ Won't you lay me down-- ♪
-I heard your wife just got in.
I want to meet her.
-Oh. you'll meet her.
[indistinct
background conversation]
-I think there's been a leak.
We've prepared a plan
to exfiltrate you.
If you say yes now.
me and my associate
will get you and your family
across the border into Finland.
You have one minute to decide.
[tense music]
[dog barking]
[whistle]
I know. I said you had a minute.
Now you don't.
Twila: Oh. no! My God!
-Lady. what are you doing?
-Wait. what. You speak English?
-No. Do you?
-What?
You should put your money away.
Yeah.
Everyone in this market's
a fucking con artist
if you give them a chance.
Don't you just love
how none of these people
understand English
till you start insulting them?
Then they're all
suddenly fluent.
Yeah. Okay. now.
Look 'Egg Woman' in the eye
and repeat after me.
-in Russian. obviously.
'cause you can.
-Okay.
-Go fuck yourself. bitch.
Gimme my fuckin' eggs.
-I cannot say that.
-You want your eggs or not?
-Bitch?
-Mm.
-Yeah.
-Okay. well. maybe
maybe don't say it so much.
Um. I don't usually see
Americans at this market.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
-It's right down the road
from the Embassy.
-Well. yeah. but I don't know--
people don't normally
leave the compound.
-Huh. So. what made you decide
to venture out today. Bea?
-How do you know my name?
-Educated guess.
Some of the other Embassy wives
were talking about someone
and you fit their
description perfectly.
-Well. how-- how--
how did they describe me?
-Just like this.
-Like what?
[Sergei]
[gunshots ringing]
-Let's pull over and ask.
-Don't be an asshole.
He's scared.
-[tense music]
-[gunshots ringing]
-[crowd yelling]
-[car horn honking]
Lady in Tunnel: Ah!
-[tires screeching]
-Sergei: I don't want to die.
-I have two children!
-Don't worry.
We've done this a hundred times.
Nyet!
Bea: How long
have you been in Moscow?
-Oh. I was here
for two years. a few years ago.
-But this time around.
just since yesterday.
-Hmm.
-Stayed in Stockholm
a while after my husband
was transferred.
'cause you know. ugh!
-Moscow.
-Shh.
-You can't just insult
their city out loud.
Sure you can.
They're well aware
it's a shit hole.
-How long have you been here?
-Six months.
But I still have
a lot to learn. clearly.
-And what does your husband do?
-Communications envoy for the--
[both]
--associate to the "U.S."
Ambassador to the U.S.S.R.
-Stop it.
-Come on.
-We both know
what our husbands really do.
Sergei: I'm supposed to meet
a new contact tonight.
-Write down
location for the meet.
Here.
-[glass shattering]
-[tires screeching]
[tires screeching]
[dynamic music]
-[gunshot ringing]
-[glass shattering]
-[tires screeching]
-[horn honking]
-Snowshoe?
We're almost at the airfield.
Snowshoe!
Snowshoe?
-Sergei!
-Fuck. We're fucked.
[Chris sighs]
[sighs]
-Bea: But-- but--
-Twila: But what?
No one's listening.
We're the wives.
No one cares what we say.
So it's probably unnecessary
that you went out
and learned all that Russian.
Well. no. I studied
Russian Lit at Wellesley.
-so. you know?
-Oh. did we?
-[Bea laughs]
-Mm. Yeah. that was some real
"War and Peace" shit
back there at the egg stand.
-Well--
-Impressive.
-Thanks?
-Okay.
-Well. I'll see ya sometime.
-Uh. are you going
to the Embassy Christmas
party tonight?
-I'm gonna do my best
to get out of that.
-Well. I-- I think
we're all supposed to go. so--
-I'm sure we all are.
Okay.
This is a disaster.
I mean. I could barely find
passable ingredients.
This is like. beet sugar.
Did you even know that
beets made sugar? I didn't.
And I do not get this thing
about how we have to boil
the milk here.
It just makes me wonder.
what am I boiling off?
Try this and tell me it doesn't
strongly suggest mayonnaise.
-You know. actually.
I kinda like it.
-No. you do not have to lie.
I love you for trying though.
-Look. I promise you.
it's gonna be
one of the better
cakes down there.
-Ugh. I just do not need
the other wives judging me.
-Who's judging you?
-Bea: Everyone.
This new wife
that I met at the market today.
she had already heard about me.
which just makes me wonder
what is she--
Chris: If the other wives
are talking. they're just--
-they're just jealous.
-What. jealous.
because my husband's
in the "C.I.A."?
-Look. they wouldn't
know that for sure.
I meant they're jealous of you.
-Oh. yeah. Sure.
-Come on. Beebee.
You're educated.
you're ambitious.
I mean. most of the women
in the embassy.
they don't have anything else
going on besides gossip.
-Well. yeah.
I might be educated.
but I'm not doing
anything with it.
You're the one off
saving the world all day.
I'm just here.
Another secretary
in the embassy.
The smartest secretary
Well. you've met
the other wives.
That's barely a compliment.
[Chris sighs]
Come on. Bea. look.
just a few more years.
Then I'll be the one at home
holding down the fort.
while you're off
doing great things.
-You don't have to say that.
-Look. I'm not just saying it.
Look. that was our deal. right?
-Mm-hmm.
-And you're not gonna
believe the cakes
I'm gonna make for you
and the kids.
-[Bea laughs] Really?
-Mm.
-The kids?
-[Chris sighs]
-Chris. honey. you're bleeding.
-Oh. that's. uh.
that's not my blood.
Well. take off your shirt.
I will wash it.
[Chris sighs]
And then take off your pants.
-There's blood on my pants too?
-No.
Oh!
[kissing sounds]
♪ You find warmth
in a one-night bed-- ♪
Bea: Mm.
-[kissing sounds]
-Whoa!
[Bea laughs] I knew it!
-The truth comes out.
-[Chris laughs]
-You're right.
-You're an awful liar.
-It's awful.
-It's terrible. it's just like
a salami sandwich.
It's disgusting.
♪ [indistinct lyrics] ♪
[Bea grunts] Wait.
[whispering] Are they listening?
The Russians.
-God. I hope so.
-Oh!
♪ Oh. no. too long-- ♪
[Chris and Bea sigh]
-So-- so why do you even
want me there?
-Why do you care?
-Because even
if we can't have a family.
I still--
[Tom sighs] I still need a wife.
-Wow.
-[Tom sighs]
-So you're just gonna leave?
-I have to go
deal with something.
-I thought
you had to go to this party.
-I do. Okay? I do.
I just have to go and take
care of something first.
Which is why
I am asking you to get there
-on time on our behalf.
-[Twila laughs]
Okay. can you just
do that for me. baby?
-Please?
-Yes. Yes. baby.
-Thank you.
Smile at the Ambassador.
-Take a picture with Santa.
I'll be there later.
-Okay.
So. I-- I get it.
so. I gotta go to this stupid
embassy party alone.
while you go on your
fun little mission
-with the "C.I.A."
-Tom:Twila!
[tentative music]
[Twila scoffs]
[both scoff]
Twila: Ugh!
[sighs]
[chuckles] Fuckin' stupid.
[laughs]
[Twila sighs] Great.
Have fun! See ya--
baby!
[sighs]
[crowd clamoring]
Whoa!
Alan: Hon. you're gonna wanna
make that a double.
-It's freezing in here.
-[Bea laughs]
-Hi.
Have you met Beatrice?
She's on my desk.
-Hi.
-Best secretary I ever had.
-Well. I'm sure you say that
to all the secretaries.
Mister Salek.
-Alan.
-Always Alan.
Ray: Uh. everyone? Everyone! Um.
Just a bit of great news.
Uh. it's gonna take
a while for it to.
uh. warm up.
but the heat is back on so--
-[crowd cheers]
-Ray: So. yeah. [sighs]
-Alan: Hallelujah!
-Ray: Yeah.
[sighs] Ah!
Twila: Thank you!
Thank you! [laughs]
I-- I couldn't have
done it without y'all.
the little people. right?
[crowd clamoring]
Why is it so cold in here?
Hello?
Guess I'm the only one
who's gonna do
anything about anything.
Okay.
-Oh.
-Hello.
Hello.
-Uh. the-- the-- the Soviets
cut our heat.
but it's being handled.
-Well. look at you!
Knowing the ins and outs
of what's being handled.
-Bea sighs]
-Hmm.
Fuck. Cheryl's here.
Didn't know she was in Moscow.
[sighs]
We were stationed together
in Vietnam for two months.
It was my own personal Vietnam.
[Bea laughs] Oh.
-Yeah.
-[Bea chuckles]
Ray: So. the-- the--
the way that it ended up--
-No. no. It was like this.
-The. uh. the-- well--
-When Ray first proposed--
-She loves this story. [laughs]
I just said--
I said-- I said no.
I said flat out no. uh. and then
-a few weeks later
he proposed again--
-[Gretchen laughs]
-- and I said--
-[both] No.
-[Ray laughs]
Third time I said yes. okay?
I said yes.
-Bea. how did you meet Chris?
-Oh. how did we meet?
Okay. so I was--
I was at Wellesley...
-Put it down.
-...and they always used to
bus us into Cambridge
for these mixers
with-- with Harvard and MIT.
This one time. my friend Amy.
she was building up the courage
to talk to a boy that she liked.
so I went with her.
And there I was.
standing in the corner
reading "Twelfth Night". um--
-I don't know.
--- 'cause I had
an exam the next day. you know?
-[Gretchen laughs]
-I. uh. had to study.
And this-- this
handsome man just walks over
and-- and-- and starts
talking about Shakespeare.
You know?
And it-- it-- it wasn't
a "come on" or anything.
He just really wanted to talk.
So. um. you know. I just guess
we haven't stopped
talking since.
-Bea. that's lovely.
-[Cheryl laughs]
I'm just so glad that
my husband's secretary here
has such a strong
marriage with her husband.
After what happened
with that girl in Antwerp. I...
-Twila: How many people...
-Oh.
...do you actually kill. like
how many people have you killed?
Just...
-you know. ball park...
-Missus Hasbeck.
I need to speak with you.
It's important.
Missus Grant.
I need to speak with you
and Missus Hasbeck in private.
Would you follow me please?
[distorted music]
[Dane's voice distorts]
We can speak in private in here.
Uh...
Uh. I-- I-- I'm sorry. sir.
I'm just in the-- in the--
[clears throat]
-Mister Szymanski.
-Sorry. sir. Just have to--
-Yes. sir.
[sighs] Missus Grant.
Missus Hasbeck.
Earlier this evening.
a small single-engined aircraft
crashed in a field
30 kilometers south of Moscow.
I regret to inform you that
both of your husbands
were on that plane.
What? I don't understand.
There were
no survivors of the crash.
[somber music]
But that...
doesn't make. I--
No. because Chris
would have told me if he was--
if he was getting on a plane.
No. he wouldn't have.
No. but he's such a good pilot.
I-- I don't--
-Bea. Bea.
-I think you've got this wrong.
-But he's-- he--
he flew missions.
-Bea.
What are we supposed
to tell people?
You can tell them
that two embassy employees
-on diplomatic business
were flying a small...
-[Bea sobbing]
Dane: ...single-engined
Soviet made aircraft
and after encountering
engine failure.
-the plane crashed and that--
-You're giving us
the cover story?
What happened?
You'll be escorted back
to your living quarters now.
-Pack only essentials.
-What?
Dane: The staff
will gather and ship
the rest of your belongings
to you at a later date.
You're going home
to be with your families.
We are very sorry
for your losses.
They are losses
that we all share with you.
-Bullshit.
-No.
-No! I--
-Twila: Come on. I know.
Bea: What?
[sighs]
[door shuts close]
[sniffs and clears throat]
["After The Goldrush"
by Prelude]
♪ Well. I dreamed
I saw the knights in armor ♪
♪ Coming sayin' something
about a queen ♪
♪ There were peasants singin'
and drummers drumming ♪
♪ And the archer
split the tree ♪
♪ There was a fanfare
blowin' to the sun ♪
♪ That was floating
on the breeze ♪
♪ Look at mother nature
on the run ♪
♪ In the nineteen-seventeen ♪
♪ I was lyin'
in a burned-out basement ♪
♪ With a full moon in my eyes ♪
♪ I was hopin' for
a replacement ♪
♪ When the sun burst
through the skies ♪
♪ All in a dream.
all in a dream ♪
♪ The loading had begun ♪
♪ Flyin' mother nature's
silver seed ♪
♪ To a new home in the sun ♪
-My Mishka. [sighs]
[Bea sighs]
[Manya sighs] Oh.
Come on in.
Your parents are still asleep.
-That's okay.
-We weren't expecting you
'til this afternoon.
-Yeah.
-You want me to wake them up?
-No. No. no. no. Don't worry.
-Your room is all ready for you.
-Thank you.
-Here.
Take this.
-Oh. I'm so not hungry.
-So. don't eat the pickles.
-Okay.
[indistinct announcement
over radio]
God. [sighs]
-[loud knocking]
-Rick: Yeah?
-What you want--
-[Twila sighs]
-If it isn't the jetsetter.
-Parlez-vous Francais. Madame?
-Yeah. Is-- is my mother here?
[Rick laughs]
-What?
-She took off months ago.
She didn't tell you?
-Probably just forgot.
-Uh. you wanna crash?
I got a couch.
[Twila sighs]
-I just don't know what
I'm gonna do with my life now.
You know?
Like. I-- I mean.
I guess I could take
a correspondence course.
And go to get a masters.
Or. I could see
if my old elementary school's
looking for teachers.
You know. I was great with kids.
-Manya: Sha!
-What?
-Sha. sha. sha. sha. sha.
Calm your mind. You don't need
to make any plan now.
Bea: I do. though.
Because. you know.
we were gonna take turns.
First. it was gonna be.
you know. Chris was gonna get
to where he was gonna
get to at work.
And then
it was gonna be my turn.
-Mm.
-What?
-Nothing.
Men do that now.
husbands. you know.
are different than they were.
-What do you want to do?
-I wanna find out
what happened to Chris.
-Well. sometimes in life.
you have to live with
not knowing.
I will never know what
happened to your grandfather.
-You ever think about
going back?
Trying to see if you can find
out what happened.
-I used to.
But now I'm an Alter Kocker.
-No. you're not.
-You are young.
you still have time
to find these answers.
if you want them.
-Does this mean anything to you?
Doesn't mean anything to me.
but it's probably some...
Moscow slang or some--
I don't know.
What is this card?
Found it in Chris' pocket.
It's just--
another question
I don't have an answer for.
[intriguing music]
Bush: What the fuck
happened out there?
Dane: We don't know. sir.
The agents have gone quiet.
and there's no chatter
-on the surveillance lines.
-Bush: Did the Soviets
kill them?
Dane: We don't know for certain
who's responsible. sir.
-Who's the head
of the Moscow station?
-Me. sir.
-Then I guess you're
responsible. Mister Walter.
-The world in which we live
and work is one of secrets.
As a consequence. few can know
the ultimate sacrifice
paid by these two men.
But we. in this room. know.
We know they lived as heroes.
and died as heroes.
On behalf of myself
and Director George Bush
and in accordance
with the traditions
of the Central
Intelligence Agency.
two stars have been added
in their memory.
etched in marble
to the Memorial Wall.
Their names
will not live on the wall.
but these men will live
in our memory and our hearts.
Thank you.
Missus Hasbeck.
[Twila scoffs]
Dane: Missus Grant.
[somber music]
-That's it?
-What were you expecting?
-Wait. That's-- that's it?
Like-- that--
that's all you're gonna say?
I though t you were gonna
tell us something.
-Like what. Missus Grant?
-Like what happened
to our husbands?
-I'm very sorry for your loss.
-No.
Twila: I grew up
down the road from the base.
Figured I'd just keep
dating military guys.
'til one of them agreed to
take me the fuck out of there.
-Mm.
-And Tom was...
he was handsome.
he was confident.
And like an old fashioned
gentleman. or something.
Like. something out of a movie.
-Mm.
-[Twila scoffs] He courted me.
Then I got pregnant.
So. we got married.
Uh. I didn't know
you two had kids.
-We don't. It's a--
I lost it.
-Oh. Oh. I am so sorry.
-Oh. it's okay. It's--
-Yeah. You know I--
-Okay.
I'd never even
left Indiana until I met Tom.
and now I've...
[blowing raspberry]
...been just about everywhere.
-So--
-So...
where are you off to next?
-I'm. uh--
Nowhere.
There's now here for me to go.
Not a place I. uh-- [sighs]
Ah. I can't believe
I'm gonna say this one.
but I'd go back to Russia.
at this point.
I mean. I'd have this
whole place to myself.
paid for by
the United States Government.
-No rules--
-Wha-- [sighs]
Were you paying attention?
There are so many rules.
-You know what? That's so weird
with you saying that.
-Because I--
-I was thinking
about going back.
-Hmm.
-Bea: Even before the memorial.
I was thinking
the only way I'm gonna find out
what happened to Chris
is if I go back.
-Hmm.
-Can I show you something?
-Oh. God. are you
one of those people who asks
if you can ask a question?
-Right after Chris died.
this... [sighs]
...this was
in the pocket of his coat.
-"My Beautiful Wife"--
-But open it.
-Mm. yes.
Right. I can't read that.
-No. well I can.
And it's not Chris' handwriting.
-Interesting. What's it say?
It says. "Winged horse
over the entire world."
-The fuck does that mean?
-I don't think it's somethin
we can figure out unless--
unless we go back.
-Mm.
-The only way I'm gonna find out
what happened to Chris
is if I go back to Moscow.
You know. 'cause is--
if-- if we don't go back.
then we're letting them
tell us nothing.
And we're agreeing that we're
fine knowing nothing forever.
-No.
-Mister--
-Eh. Dane!
-Mister Walter? Mister Walter?
-Dane?
-What are you still doing here?
You shouldn't be here.
-We'd like a word.
-Hmm. yes.
Might we have a word. kind sir?
-Oh. my God. Shut up.
-Follow me.
Bea: And I have
experience translating.
So I could be incredibly helpful
with the Russian language.
-And-- and I am very
experienced in foreign service.
-I have been
to many countries...
-Yeah.
-...I know people
all over the world.
-We have a full
administrative staff in Moscow.
There is no reason for us
to bring more Americans
into the country.
unless they are key
to our intelligence work.
-Then let us do that.
-What?
-Yes.
Yeah-- yes. Let us do that.
I want to make an impact. sir.
And I know that I can.
I have to do something
important with my life.
-Yeah.
-I-- I-- I minored
in political science.
-I-- I have incredible
references.
-Yeah. yeah. And get this.
Look at us.
No one would ever
suspect us of anything.
I mean. we're women.
people only look at us
if they wanna fuck us
or marry us. and that's it.
So nobody would ever think
that two people like us
would be spies
and you know that.
-Missus Hasbeck. I heard you.
No.
-You wanna do what?
-Sir. one of them
speaks Russian. fluently.
Good accent. She could pass.
And the other one
is fearless. like a bull.
Now. I don't know
if they could do much alone.
But together.
they could make a good officer.
-What the fuck
are you talking about?
These are girls.
We've sent the best
officers we have to Moscow
and it's blown up in our face.
These two ladies?
They'd get murdered. day one.
-But they're women.
We could use that.
Director.
we have never successfully run
a Soviet agent in Moscow.
I've spent
my entire career trying.
The K.G.B. is all over us.
all the time.
If you are a man.
and you walk out of the embassy.
you have a Soviet shadow.
But the one thing
the Russians would never do
is bring on a woman
as a case officer.
-So. they'd never suspect
that we would.
-This could be our chance to be
one step ahead of them.
on their turf.
No.
No. I'm afraid it isn't my ship
to steer anymore.
I'm out. inauguration day.
You have to sit on this.
'til there's a new "D.C.I."
-Sir. we have a Soviet agent
on the inside now.
who is working on the ground
with new Soviet technology.
He's scared.
but he wants to help.
Every case officer I send in
has his cover blown
on the first meet.
[Bush scoffs]
And sir. if-- if I may...
this might be
an opportunity for you
to do something real
for this agency.
This could be your legacy. sir.
[Bush sighs]
-If we do this...
this mission would have to be
completely in the black.
I can stall for a week.
maybe two.
But then I would have to
brief the President-elect.
-Understood. sir.
I'll use them to pass
and retrieve documents.
but they will never be privy
to the intelligence.
-They're not a part
of this operation.
-Understood. sir.
-Walter?
-Sir?
-When this thing blows up.
and I strongly suspect
that it will.
it can never come back to me.
that I sent two American girls
to the Soviet Union to die.
-Yes. sir.
["Rainy Day Man" by Tom Rush]
♪ What good is that happy lie ♪
♪ All you wanted ♪
♪ From the start
was to cry. girl ♪
♪ It looks like another fall ♪
Ray: Hello. Missus Grant.
Apologies for bothering you...
-What?
-...at this hour. but. uh.
we have to do a bug sweep
of the entire apartment.
-Let's do the bedroom.
Uh. kitchen. bathroom as well.
-What?
Bea: What is happening?
Um. excuse me?
-What?
-What-- I--
-Oh. shoes off?
Shoes off. gentlemen.
-Oh. oh-- No. that's not--
-[Ray sighs]
What are-- Oh. wait.
I don' t have
any pictures of Chris here.
Could I take that?
Please. Ray. I just need to be
able to see his face.
[music continues]
-Alright. fine.
but if anyone finds out
I gave that to you.
we will both be
in a lot of trouble.
-Okay. thank you.
Ray: I'm very sorry
for your loss.
Stevenson?
[clears throat] Okay.
♪ It looks like another fall ♪
♪ Your friends
don't seem to help at all ♪
♪ When you're feeling
kinda cold and small ♪
♪ Call on your rainy day man ♪
♪ It does you
no good to pretend. girl ♪
♪ You've made a hole.
it's much too big to mend ♪
♪ And it looks like
you lose again. my friend ♪
♪ So call on your
rainy day man ♪
♪ Now rainy day man
he don't like sunshine ♪
♪ He don't chase rainbows ♪
♪ Can't use no good times ♪
♪ Grey days rolling ♪
♪ Then you'll see him ♪
♪ The empty feeling ♪
♪ Now you need him... ♪
Dane: This is the bubble.
The only room in the Embassy
we can be sure
we're not being
listened to or watched.
Anytime you are anywhere else
in the entire complex.
assume someone can hear you.
Do you both understand?
-[both] Yes. sir.
-Good.
Missus Grant.
you will be reinstated
in your previous position
as a secretary
to the U.S. Cultural Attaché.
-Okay.
-Meanwhile. Missus Hasbeck.
I couldn't find
any kind of a...
job history connected to your
previous Embassy posts.
-Yeah. That is correct.
They gave me
the option to be a secretary
or to not be a secretary.
-Well. starting today.
you'll work the secretarial desk
for the special assistant
to the Ambassador.
-So. you suspect him
of something?
What-- what do we think
he's doing?
Working with the Soviets.
or you want me to listen in
on his calls
and report back to you?
Or I could covertly
take pictures of his files.
-None of those things.
We would like you to perform
the duties of a secretary.
-What do you mean?
-I mean. typing. scheduling.
-Shorthand. Dane:
-Do you know shorthand?
-No!
-You'll have to learn shorthand.
-Mm.
-I mean. why would I have to
learn shorthand to be a spy?
-I-- I'm sorry. I... [sighs].
I already was a secretary.
-Twila: Yeah.
-And I didn't come back
to be a secretary again.
I thought you had
a real assignment for us.
-Yeah. I mean. we're not
gonna risk our lives
to learn how to use
a Xerox machine.
-You don't know
how to use a Xerox machine?
-Thes jobs are your cover.
-[both] Okay.
-Dane: All right.
-We will be in touch
with your covert
assignment this evening.
Until then. Missus Hasbeck.
please learn how to type.
-[phone ringing]
-[coffee maker chimes]
-Beatrice.
you wanna come in here?
-Sir?
-I have a little
present for you.
-A dictation.
-Mm-hmm.
When the special assistant
has an appointment.
you need to mark it down
on his desk calendar.
his pocket calendar
and his wall calendar.
How many places
did you record it?
-All of them.
-Oh. see you say that.
but you didn't.
Let's try and do it.
but the right way this time.
-Okay.
[Twila sighs and clears throat]
-I just wanted to say
how sorry I am about Chris.
-Thank you so much.
Anyway.
if you need anything from me.
please let me know.
-I feel like
I should be asking you that.
-[Twila sighs]
-It's just funny.
When they said they were
bringing you back
as a secretary.
I assumed
it was because you had...
Oh. I don't know.
any experience as a secretary.
-Hmm. I can see
where you'd find that funny.
But that's just 'cause
you don't know my background.
-Oh.
-I actually have
four years of experience
in secretarial work.
at the Tredway Hotel Group
which is unfortunately
no longer in operation
but it was world-renowned.
You wouldn't know it.
beautiful place.
We did scheduling
slightly differently at Tredway.
It was slightly more advanced.
but I'm sure
your way is fine too.
-Cheryl: Twila? Wait.
-Twila: Just gonna hang this up.
--Yep. Cheryl?
-Cheryl: Hi.
-Retract the claws. She's new.
-Cheryl: Mm-hmm.
-Don't worry. honey.
I'm comfortable
with a real learning curve.
[Cheryl sighs]
-The embassy really moved
heaven and earth
to get you back here.
All because I told them the temp
we had wasn't working out.
It's... [sighs]
...it's almost odd
that they did that.
-You know what. sir?
I think that they must
really value
the work you do here.
You know?
-I think you're right.
-Yeah.
-Alan: Yeah.
-I'd like you both
to look behind us.
But slowly. do it casually.
-You see the car?
-Twila: Mm-hmm.
-Yeah?
-That's the K.G.B.
-Shit. Whoa. so--
-Uh--
They-- they already
know about us?
They're-- they're onto us?
-No. the K.G.B.'s
always following me.
To them. I'm a P.O.I.
A person of interest.
But you two are P.O.N.I.'s.
[Twila chuckles] Ponies?
-Persons of no inter est.
-Exactly. you're not
on their radar...
yet.
-Then why do they think
we're with you?
Oh. we're getting dinner.
we're seeing the view.
you know. we're fucking you.
[Ray laughs]
-As the K.G.B.
may or may not be well aware.
I am a happily married man.
-You notice
the little triangle of dirt
on their windshield?
That's an issue
with the K.G.B. carwash.
which they've never
fixed because.
-well. because it's Russia.
-[Bea and Twila laugh]
-But all K.G.B. cars
will have that triangle of dirt.
Alright.
For about a year now.
we've been trying
to turn a Soviet agent.
You do not need
to know his name.
To you. he will be C.K. Solar.
-What does he know
that we need to know?
You don't need to know that.
C.K. Solar is highly placed
and working with important
Russian intelligence.
We need to get
that intelligence.
-Hmm.
-Missus Grant.
you will interact
with C.K. Solar.
because of your proficiency
with the Russian language.
That being said.
-you should not converse.
-Okay.
-Just give or get
what you need. and walk away.
-Yes. sir.
-Missus Hasbeck?
-Yeah.
-You'll be the lookout.
-Right.
-It's not a question.
Missus Hasbeck.
of if there is K.G.B. around.
There will be. always.
It's your job
to figure out if they know
what's going on or not.
Trust your gut.
-Do you both understand?
-[both] Yes. sir.
-Missus Grant.
when you meet C.K. Solar.
you will say. "It looks like
it might snow today".
-Looks like it might snow today.
-And he will say. "Not to worry.
I think spring is coming soon."
-...is coming soon. Okay.
Dane: Yeah.
In Russian. of course.
-Uh. of course.
-Other details and instructions
are in this folder.
Please read them
and then destroy them.
This is what you're
gonna give him.
-Why?
-You don't need to know.
-Huh.
Wow. So. when do we go?
When do we do it?
-Not tonight. But soon.
-Look for
a lipstick mark on your door.
That'll mean it's time.
-You're gonna meet him
in a Soviet pub.
Should be crowded enough
that no one should notice you.
Missus Hasbeck. you and I will
step out of the car now.
-Do I get to know why this time?
For the benefit of the K.G.B..
you're my dinner
companion tonight.
[unsettling music]
[Dane sighs]
Twila: You know.
if I'd wanted a lukewarm potato.
I could've just
found one at the Embassy.
-Yes. You've logged
your disgust with the potato.
[Twila chuckles]
-Andrei: Mister Walter!
-[Dane sighs]
-Dane. is it?
Dane Walter.
It's quite
a coincidence passing you
on the street like this.
-Yeah. quite a coincidence.
-I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
I don't think I've made
your acquaintance. ma'am.
Andrei Vasiliev.
-Uh-huh?
-And. uh. where. may I ask.
are two of you heading
to at this late hour?
Dane: We were just at a dinner.
Not illegal to eat
in the Soviet Union. is it?
Mm. seems like you've traveled
quite a ways to have dinner.
-It was a highly
recommended restaurant.
-And delicious. I hope.
-Yeah. indeed.
Good evening.
-I was sorry
to hear about your men.
[tense music]
-I'm sorry. Andrei. which men
are you referring to?
-You lost two men.
Tragic accident.
-I wouldn't believe
everything you hear.
-Mm. such good advice.
For you as well.
Lovely meeting you. ma'am.
-You never met.
[Andrei sniffs and sighs]
Twila: Creep.
[Dane sighs]
-So. was that guy K.G.B.?
-Mm-hmm.
Well. why don't you just hand
him my picture
on a silver platter?
-I know what I'm doing.
How am I supposed
to get anything done here.
if the comrades think
I'm your right hand?
Missus Hasbeck.
everything we did this evening
was for a reason.
You weren't gonna be quiet.
You were gonna be noticed.
If I tried to hide you
from the K.G.B..
they would still know
you were here.
And you would look like
someone I'm trying to hide.
-And if he does suspect.
you know.
that I'm more than just
some widowed secretary
at the Embassy.
would we even know?
-Mm-hmm. yeah. We'd know.
Because Vasiliev would kill you.
Oh. and for the record...
you're not my right hand.
["Hello It's Me"
by Todd Rundgren]
♪ Hello. it's me ♪
♪ I've thought about us
for a long. long time ♪
♪ Maybe I think too much.
but something's wrong ♪
♪ There's something here
that doesn't last too long ♪
♪ May be I shouldn't
think of you as mine ♪
-Hey! Hi. you speak
English. yeah?
Huh! I know you speak English.
Don't bullshit me.
I remember from last time.
Yeah. I've got some. uh.
Western clothing. electronics.
I'd be interested in selling
or trading. or. uh...
selling. Yeah.
-What electronics?
-Uh.
It's. uh. my husband's.
Yeah. or. was. I guess. uh.
they're not his anymore.
because he is no more.
Anyway. this is nice.
Speaker. nice. Yeah.
It's broken. but uh. you know.
you could fix it and--
and sell it for a lot.
I got some cables
in here to go--
Whoa.
-This is not stereo speakers.
-Huh?
-Someone was removing the wires.
This-- this is antenna.
-Oh. well. uh...
you know the K.G.B.
bug everything. right?
-But this is not bug.
It's veshchaniye.
-Excuse me?
-For broadcast.
And this. this is loop for tape.
[melancholic music playing]
This may be
your husband playing?
-No. no. yeah.
he didn't play any instruments.
At least he said he didn't.
Maybe you did not know
your husband
as well as you thought.
-You. uh. recognize the tune?
-It's napevy.
-Hmm?
-In Russia. it is how we do...
da. dee-dee. da. dee--
-Morse code?
-Yes. Morse.
Yeah. Wow. okay.
Well-- well what's it saying?
-This will take more time.
Time is not for free.
-[sighs] How much?
["Hello It's Me" song continues]
[knocking]
♪ Hello. it's me ♪
[Bea exhales sharply]
[knocking continues]
♪ ...for a long. long time ♪
♪ Maybe I think too much... ♪
[clears throat]
♪ ...but something's wrong ♪
-Oh. Hey.
-Hi.
-Hi?
-Uh--
Oh. Wow. Okay.
Uh. what you been doing?
You been in bed all day?
-You know it's almost six.
-No. I don't know.
-Well. I've just. uh. you know.
I was at the market.
They love American everything
in countries like this.
And I could bring
some of Chris' old clothes
-next time I go.
get you some money?
-No.
-You're just planning on
keepin' em. or--
-I'm just not ready.
-Okay. Well. I'm gonna--
-Well. I 'm gonna go.
-Okay.
-Actually. uh. do you know
if there's a piano in
the Embassy complex somewhere?
-I-- I don't know. I don't--
Why?
-Curious.
-Okay.
Shit. Uh--
-That's lipstick. right? Yeah.
-Oh.
-How long has that been there?
-I don't know.
-Okay. We gotta go.
-Oh. God.
-Mm-hmm.
-We gotta get the book.
-[pedestrian chattering]
-[bell tolling]
[suspenseful music]
Phil: I've been checking
the transmissions.
They-- they haven't
brought anybody new in.
Uh. no officers.
not in the British Embassy.
or the Americans.
But I-- I did hear my boss
muttering something
about how Dane Walter
is trying a different approach.
Um. I don't know
what that means.
-What do you think it means?
-Anything. really.
Uh. two officers are dead.
Maybe they' re regrouping.
-Taking a break.
-Dane Walter
doesn't take breaks.
You know the Americans.
Work. work. work.
-Uh. look. Andrei. sir.
I'm going home... [sighs]
...to London.
Next flight out. they're. um--
They found my kit in my desk.
[sighs]
-Yes. I am sorry to hear that.
-My fault. [chuckles nervously]
-Shouldn't happen.
shooting up heroin at work.
-I-- I didn't.
I-- I-- I know. sorry.
But I-- I still need it.
if-- if you--
[Andrei chuckles]
-Here.
-Oh.
[grunts]
Thank you.
-For what?
You didn't tell me anything.
-I told you everything I know.
-Oh. yeah. yeah.
I'm certain you did.
and now maybe.
you will tell somebody else
everything you know.
[tense music]
About me.
About what we talked about.
What we did.
[Phil stutter] I would never.
[chuckles faintly]
-You would never.
-[Phil chuckles nervously]
-And yet. here you are.
telling me everything you know.
[Phil stutters]
I don't need you anymore.
Phil: Okay.
No. no. no. Please. please. uh--
-I don't need you anymore.
-People will ask questions.
I'm a British citizen.
-Nobody's gonna ask questions.
They fund heroin in your desk.
It was just a matter of time.
Phil: Please! No.
-Third building from the North.
last seat at the back.
-Right. Which way is North?
-Well. that's Ursa Minor.
and so Polaris.
the North Star is--
-Fuck. I should've
gone to college.
-So. that would be the pub.
[suspenseful music]
-[Bea exhales] Okay.
-Okay.
-I guess. uh...
[sighs] ...I guess I'm going in.
-Yeah. Okay.
I'll just. uh. stay out here
by this disgusting window.
And if anything
seems weird at all.
I'll-- I'll pound on it
and that'll be your cue to.
-you know. get outta there.
-Yes.
-[exhales] All right.
-Okay.
Oh! Uh...
take off your. uh. wedding ring.
Yeah. men'll be more helpful
if they think you're single.
Hey.
You can do this.
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
[Bea exhales sharply]
[indistinct chattering]
[faint music plays
in the background]
[man speaking in Russian]
-Uh...
[quiet chattering]
[drunk man singing in Russian]
[Sasha sighs]
-[man speaking in Russian]
-Huh.
[man speaking in Russian]
-Twila: Oh! No! Nyet!
-[man speaking in Russian]
-Nyet!
Shoo! [grunts]
[sighs]
A winged horse
over the entire world.
[sighs]
[ominous music]
[both speaking
in Russian quietly]
[glasses clattering]
[ominous music continues]
[quiet conversation]
[eerie music]
[Twila sighs]
[ragged breathing]
♪ Never thought about tomorrow ♪
♪ Seemed like
a long time to come ♪
♪ How could I be
so blind. baby ♪
♪ Not to see you were the one? ♪
♪ I must of got lost
I must of got lost ♪
♪ I must of got lost ♪
♪ Somewhere down the line ♪
♪ I must of got lost
I must of got lost ♪
♪ Give away the days
you were mine ♪
♪ Love can be a sweet thing ♪
♪ I just don't understand ♪
♪ I made a game of lovin' you ♪
♪ And now I hold
the losin' hand ♪
♪ So I must of got lost
I must of got lost ♪
♪ I must of got lost
somewhere down the line ♪
I must of got lost ♪
♪ Give away the days
that you were mine ♪
♪ I just can't understand it ♪
♪I just can't understand it ♪
♪ I just don't understand it ♪
♪ And I must of got lost
I must of got lost ♪
♪ I must of got lost ♪